I love to be rich every I need you best
master Rodriguez hey Geoffrey how long
is my drive to work this morning about
25 minutes sir thank you
hey Geoffrey how far is the near spa
three point four miles sir
thank you hey Geoffrey play some jazz
whatever your heart desires you know
master Rodriguez instead of asking me
all these questions you could just use
the Google assistant it has all kinds of
functions for you like ringing your
friends playing music and giving you
directions and you don't have to lift a
finger
give it a try okay hey Google what is on
my calendar there's one entry for today
at 7:00 p.m. you have a mustache blowout
Wow can the Google assistant gave me a
sponge bath
unfortunately not okay then you better
get to work just say hey Google for a
little hands-free help hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos